
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962428250000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962428250000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 976976                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1564944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2057836137                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 664432                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   953.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   931679899                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1492387764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           22272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data         1097024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1119296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         22272                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        47360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           47360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              348                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data            17141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                740                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              11349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data             559014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total                570363                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         11349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            11349                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks           24133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total                24133                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks           24133                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             11349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data            559014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total               594496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                   382684103                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                    56342478                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                       7936442                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           272                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                  1449455626                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                     9                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3924856500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   931679899                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1492387764                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses            1491881050                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   1943                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1080242                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts     29571457                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                   1491881050                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          1943                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads          2934935010                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes         1545692941                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                 3767                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                1480                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads            159199316                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes           523310534                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                     439026579                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                   382684101                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   56342478                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 3924856500                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                          30742409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                505293      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                 915024146     61.31%     61.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                135270004      9.06%     70.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                   2560782      0.17%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      10      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      374      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                       68      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      108      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     214      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    186      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                382684045     25.64%     96.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                56342063      3.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                  56      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                415      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                 1492387764                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.895504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           439026581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3126819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            140.406778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            759000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.895504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          454                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         881179981                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        881179981                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    379577551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       379577551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     56322210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       56322210                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     435899761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        435899761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    435899761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       435899761                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        20268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20268                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3126820                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  75979296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  75979296000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   1026716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1026716000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  77006012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77006012000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  77006012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77006012000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    382684103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    382684103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     56342478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     56342478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    439026581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    439026581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    439026581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    439026581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24457.757668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24457.757668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 50656.996250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50656.996250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24627.580737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24627.580737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24627.580737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24627.580737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1430142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1430142                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      3106552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        20268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      3126820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      3126820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      3126820                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  72872744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  72872744000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1006448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1006448000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73879192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  73879192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  73879192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  73879192000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23457.757668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23457.757668                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 49656.996250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49656.996250                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23627.580737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23627.580737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23627.580737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23627.580737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                3126307                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           280.947228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1449455626                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          4165102.373563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            439000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   280.947228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.548725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.548725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          310                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        2898911600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       2898911600                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst   1449455278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      1449455278                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst    1449455278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total       1449455278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst   1449455278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total      1449455278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           348                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67202000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst   1449455626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total   1449455626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193109.195402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 193109.195402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193109.195402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 193109.195402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 193109.195402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 193109.195402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks           38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                38                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66854000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66854000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66854000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192109.195402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192109.195402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192109.195402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192109.195402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 192109.195402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192109.195402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     38                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  2046.625336                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     6253513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1710855                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.655198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                    428500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        0.006140                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.504425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       2046.114771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.000003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.999079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.999329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          805                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  51738959                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 51738959                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1430142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1430142                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks           38                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total               38                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data                 1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data               3273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  3273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1413056                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data               1416329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  1416329                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data              1416329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 1416329                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               16994                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              348                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             1710490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1710838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                348                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            1710490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1710838                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    941669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     941669000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66331000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     66331000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  53375828000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  53375828000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      66331000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data   54317497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      54383828000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     66331000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  54317497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     54383828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1430142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1430142                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks           38                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total           38                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data             1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          20267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             20267                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            348                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       3106552                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           3126819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              3127167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          3126819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             3127167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.838506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.838506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.547038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.547089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.547038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.547089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 55411.851242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55411.851242                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190606.321839                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190606.321839                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31518.130542                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31518.130542                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190606.321839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31755.518594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31787.830291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 190606.321839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31755.518594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31787.830291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1708394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1708394                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16994                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        1710490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1710838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       1710490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1710838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    771729000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    771729000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62851000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62851000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  36440868000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  36440868000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37212597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37275448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     62851000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  37212597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37275448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.838506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.838506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.545137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.547089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.547038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.547089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45411.851242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45411.851242                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180606.321839                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180606.321839                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21518.130542                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21518.130542                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180606.321839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21755.518594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21787.830291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 180606.321839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 21755.518594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21787.830291                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                        1708807                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 14354.141446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     3419356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     17489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                    195.514666                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                    418000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        240.876947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      14113.264500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.014702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.861405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.876107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        16294                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  54727185                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 54727185                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1708394                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1708394                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                  1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        1693348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1693348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu.data               1693349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1693349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu.data              1693349                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1693349                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data            16993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               16993                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             496                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 348                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu.data               17141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  17489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.inst                348                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu.data              17141                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 17489                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    584784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     584784500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59023000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     32258000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     91281000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      59023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     617042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total        676065500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     59023000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    617042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total       676065500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1708394                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1708394                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          16994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             16994                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1693496                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1693844                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu.data           1710490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1710838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu.data          1710490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1710838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst                1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.010021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.010222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst               1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.010021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.010222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34413.258401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34413.258401                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169606.321839                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 217959.459459                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184034.274194                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169606.321839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35998.045622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38656.612728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 169606.321839                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 35998.045622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38656.612728                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks                  740                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                       740                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          16993                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          348                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          496                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          17141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             17489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           348                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         17141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            17489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    414854500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414854500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55543000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     30778000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86321000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55543000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    445632500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501175500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     55543000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    445632500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    501175500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.010222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.010222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24413.258401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24413.258401                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159606.321839                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 207959.459459                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174034.274194                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159606.321839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25998.045622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28656.612728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 159606.321839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 25998.045622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28656.612728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.replacements                           1105                       # number of replacements
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         18312                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests          823                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          740                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             16993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            16993                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           496                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        35801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total        35801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  35801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1166656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      1166656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1166656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             17489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   17489    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               17489                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21273000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           87446000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      6253513                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      3126346                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            571                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          571                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           3106900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      3138536                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           38                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict         1696860                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            20267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           20267                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           348                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      3106552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      9379947                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               9380681                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    291645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              291670208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         1709089                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                 109337216                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4836257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.010865                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                4835686     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    571      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            4836257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4556936500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy            522000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4690229000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3419356                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1708518                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            282                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          282                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962428250000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1693844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1709134                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             489                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            16994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           16994                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1693844                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      5130194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side    218830848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                            1105                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                     47360                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1711943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000165                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.012833                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1711661     99.98%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                    282      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1711943                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3418072000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy        2566257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
